we start by hydrating the gelatine without
taste
an envelope with no flavor is equal to
a spoonful is hydrated in a room
cup of water that is equal to 4 tablespoons
if the glucose that we are going to use in
this case is very liquid we must
reinforce the unflavored gelatin a little
either by removing a spoonful of water
or increasing it a little bit more
teaspoon of unflavored gelatin
these four tablespoons of water is left
fall in the form of rain
and in the best way because it 's where the
Absorbs completely and does not form lumps
I'm going to add one more teaspoon for
reinforce because the glucose that I'm
using is not enough
dense
let stand for 5 to 10 minutes
when the gelatin is already hydrated
already the grain has absorbed all the
water amount
and the grain has been strengthened
strengthened at that time we carry it
in a bain-marie or microwave
fifteen seconds it took to dilute the
gelatin but we should add two
tablespoons of glucose that measured in a
oiled spoon so that I do not get
stick
two tablespoons of glycerin
and a tablespoon of vegetable fat
if we have it in a bain-marie the heat that
is getting help to these other
ingredients are melting in the
microwave oven case I must take it
again 15 seconds more so that it
can dilute well and mix
these 15 additional seconds of heat
help it to finish melting well the
fat and glucose
The mixture should not be left to boil.
should heat up a lot when we
it warms a lot we should lower it a little
the temperature or wait for it to cool
everything is very good
dissolved and mixed so that it does not
form lumps from the beginning if
the mixture warms up a lot is going to
ask for a lot of powdered sugar and that's
balance to the mass takes away quality
it removes elasticity it dries a lot
add little by little the powdered sugar
and it mixes well between each
addiction
we should always scrape the walls
of the container so that we are not formed
crusts to be well mixed
all
unflavored gelatin is the one that coagulates
the mass and glucose is what gives you
elasticity
Glycerin gives you softness and fat
also glycerin in humid climates
can not be used much makes crying and the
cover makes it honeyed and does not dry well
at this point where he already collects where
we can form ball we take it out to the inn
and we put it between a sugar crown
powdered
we greased our hands a little
and we started mixing very well with the
sugar
we do it in an enveloping way
as incorporating the sugar by
part of inside
but observe
how it falls fast
hand as it is falling
he still lacks sugar
I'm going to add a little more sugar to
improve consistency but it 's better
that is soft so that in the rest
a consistency and firmness later to
extend if you need a little bit of
sugar is added but it is better than not
it's so hard when we're
preparing and we will let it rest
they look like 350 grams of sugar
powdered
previously sifted
if we drop it here by pressing on the
hand like a few minutes ago she is not
bag neither falls as much as the time
previous to grabbing her she keeps
certain firmness but it is soft
it must remain because in rest it
harden a bit
we wrap with plastic
and let it rest preferably
until the next day to handle it and that
be easier to use the cover let's
to prepared with a spoonful plus one
Gelatin teaspoon without flavor turned out
in a weight
of 620 grams to make this cover
we add between 300 and 350 grams of
powdered sugar